Prepares Weblate migration (#17927)
piwik/piwik: lang/README.md

## Contribute

> If you want to improve an existing Matomo translation or contribute a new translation, please have a look at our [Weblate project](https://translations.piwik.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to improve an existing Matomo translation or contribute a new translation, please have a look at our [Weblate project](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/matomo/).
```
Or we could link to https://matomo.org/translations

Author: or we use https://translations.matomo.org/, which should redirect as well.

Reviewer: Indeed, I added a point to https://github.com/matomo-org/matomo/issues/17907 to update the redirect.
